{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Avenir-Book;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red52\green90\blue138;\red13\green13\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c20392\c35294\c54118;\csgenericrgb\c5098\c5098\c5098;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sb480\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Podcast Reflection: Developer Tea\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qc\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 Episode: "Traits of a Great Developer - Grit of a Scientist"\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\qr\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf0 \
\
Megan Nelson\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\sb480\partightenfactor0
\cf3 The podcast title perfectly summarizes the content. There were no hidden surprises or secrets. Jonathan explains that grit is a necessary ingredient and a driving force behind being a great developer...He does a good job. He is clear, concise, humble and encouraging. He makes the process sound clear and simple (but not necessarily easy). During this podcast and the minutes after, I felt inspired - I have made the right decision. This is my path and no doubt I am heading in the right direction....Shortly after, reality and fear set in. I felt slightly less inspired by this podcast, and even mildly irritated.  \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\f1 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\f0 \cf0 Of course one needs grit and critical thinking skills to learn anything-- and school is really "learning how to learn" but I think it takes a lot more than grit and interest to learn to program and to code. Maybe all Jonathan needed was grit... and for someone to be a great developer, they probably have specific innate skills and specific types of intelligence. When things come easily to people, those people assume comes easy to everyone. \
\
As I reflect on some of the code I've learned (html and CSS) it often is frustrating how long it took me - and once I understood something, it seemed ridiculous it took me so long to learn it in the first place. However, JavaScript is more complicated than CSS and HTML. I feel like I'm currently in a rut... concepts make complete sense and then 15 minutes later they seem to float away like a cloud. I find myself thinking, "Did I actually just understand what happened?  Did that actually make sense or was it my imagination? Am I tricking myself?  Am I an idiot? Will I one day feel the same way about the basic JavaScript concepts I'm learning now?"\
\
Maybe Jonathan and other great developers only needed grit because everything else came so easily. Maybe, for them, it was only a matter of sitting down and getting things done. But for me is it different? I suppose I will only find out if I keep on keepin on....\
}