{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Cambria;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18100\viewh13780\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Developer Tea\
Podcast by Jonathan Cutrell\
"The Most Important Part of My Day"\
\
Part I and Part II\
\
The goal of this podcast is to help one become a better developer. These 2 episodes didn't mention coding or developing at all. However, I found it interesting and the tactics mentioned could be helpful in any arena- how to live a more productive life and accomplish one's goals - this podcast assumes one of which is to be a better developer. \
\
The central theme is how much anxiety is produced as a result of the feeling of time wasted. More often than not I fell like I'm not spending my time effectively and think, "Where did my day go? What did I even do today? How can the day be over?" The mindlessness of wasting time by scrolling through your phone, surfing the internet, binge watching Netflix, or laying around the house can make you feel awful. \
\
Jonathan has some simple suggestions to alleviate this anxiety, which sound really effective. He spends about 5 minutes every morning planning his day and thinking about goals he would like to accomplish. He spends a few minutes at the end of his day, before bed evaluating himself- weather he accomplished his daily goals, how well he accomplished such goals, and more importantly, how he can do better. \
\
He suggests a good strategy - to mindfully engage in mindlessness.  In other words, one way how can we avoid the feeling of time slipping away, is to plan mindless... to plan on lying around the house or watching TV, scrolling through your phone, but to do this intentionally.  I really like this concept. \
\
He also emphasizes the importance of reflecting and evaluating your day. Did you accomplish your goals? If not, have you made progress since yesterday? Most importantly- how can you do better? Periodically evaluating yourself if the most important part. This is the step people often skip. Evaluate yourself every week, month, quarter or year. Then you can make long-term progress, because isn't this the point? on your goals. I intend on trying this method, not only for making progress in this class and learning to code, but also accomplishing improving other aspects of my life. Balance is something I really struggle with- cleaning for 10 hours and then not for 2 weeks. Working all the time and then no exercise... exercising in all my free time and then neglecting other parts of my life.  I'm excited to try Jonathan's suggestions.\
\
\
\
\
}